It is time for a massive revamp of the current implementation, mainly having to do with the questionnaire. 

First of all, you'll be able to find the Questionnaire Version 2 in the docs folder. This has the questions along with the format and options. Read through it and ask me questions to clarify the UI. You'll also find the scoring and matching algorithm in the questionnaire version 2.2 matching algo markdown file (a raw version with just text is also available in the raw doc)

There are things that need to change and things that are staying fairly the same. Due to the nature of this change, many things will be changing. This includes:
1. The layout of the questionnaire UI. For each question topic, there will be one question on the left side meant for the user to describe themselves. On the right side, there will be the "split screen" content. This is where they will select what they prefer their match to be like and how important it is to them. In addition to overall questions layout changing, the sections will be changing to just three sections (including the free response section), and the progress bar should be updated to have the correct number of questions as well. It should not reflect the optional free response questions. 
2. The matching algorithm will be changing, big time. It may be worth scrapping the entire algorithm from before, and then after updating all questions, building the algorithm afterwards. However, if you have a better workflow, by all means, please do that instead. As well, triggering of the matching algorithm for test users and prod users through the admin dashboard will also have to be integrated afterwards, as is assigning responses to cupids
3. The questionnaire tutorial will have to be completely changed. It may be best to first remove it. 
4. The questionnaire configuring through the admin dashboard should be removed for now (but the button can stay there, and the page can stay as well, just have it be blank for now, since there's more complexity for editing questions this time around)
5. How the questionnaire is displayed in the cupid matching portal may also have to change, since how the questionnaire has a left and right, and I'm not sure if it would be good to squish it like the way that it is now.  
6. Script that generates test users. These test users also fill out the questionnaire randomly; they way they fill it out would have to match the new questionnaire format. Removing can prevent errors before re-implementing/testing features.

I have tried ONCE ALREADY to implement this, and unfortunately, starting over from scratch resulted in TOO MANY ERRORS. Instead, I will need to be able to test after each step to make sure that previous functionality that is still wanted is not broken (for example, auto saving the questionnaire was something that works; it got broken after the entire thing was revamped). I understand that the new questions likely will break, and will have new UI elements. However, it cannot result in WAY too many bugs. 

I also want the new questionnaire to REPLACE the old questionnaire. I do NOT need backward compatibility where the old questionnaire stuff is still lying around and the code can support both. I want it to fully support and efficiently implement version 2; that's it.

Now is the time for you to ask clarifying questions and make sure that you understand the documents, the full picture, and the details of implementation so that this revamp can successfully be implemented GIVEN THE CURRENT CODEBASE. if you have concerns, please let me know. 